app/vmui: improve series color visibility (#10872)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmrestore/): fix an issue where vmrestore could hang indefinitely when interrupted during backup download. See [#10794](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10794).
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): properly execute graceful shutdown for vmsingle if `-maxIngestionRate` is configured. See [#10795](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10795).
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): fix time display on Alerting Rules page to use selected timezone. See [#10827](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10827).

> * BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): fix series colors to improve visibility on light and dark themes. See [#10869](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10869).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): use contrast colors when displaying time series to improve visibility on light and dark themes. See [#10869](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10869).
```

> * BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): use contrast colors when displaying time series to improve visibility on light and dark themes. See [#10869](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10869).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): use contrasting colors when displaying time series to improve visibility on light and dark themes. See [#10869](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10869).
```

Reviewer: sorry for typo
